Please click on the button called inputs and analysis for step 13.
Appendix This is give me a short and easy lesson.
So I put a lot of yes or no questions here.
And so the first one here is just asking a basic question which is have you included your resume or
do you have your resume ready at Microsoft Word format if you want it can be in other formats too so
just like yes or no and just gather them up for yourself.
And if you have lots of employees list them all here so I've got SARL and Jozen which is automatically
brought across if you don't have a name of a person for an employee number one this will appear blank
and it will say Please scroll down.
Ignore this.
Same thing with Ryan Reynolds.
It's a Deadpool.
Part two is pretty funny.
OK.
Paul Parwan I think a lot of records for R-rated movie and cat.
All right.
So anyway it's asking you to pace all that stuff and I wrote here are not pacing just yes or no questions
or answers is really easy.
So I go here if you have any product or services brochures or PBS that you get to pinocle customers
just get it ready because we're going to paste it into our output soon okay.
So just say yes or no here or not applicable.
And then here if you want you can include financial statements in the appendix.
Not all of them in Step 12.
I recommend putting everything in where I told you to put it in.
But some people are different stylistically I get it.
Some people want some of the additional financial statements that you don't use that often.
Like maybe Cashell statement belge in the appendix your call your call I try to make it simple for you
and cater to everybody.
OK.
And just answer these questions yes no are not applicable.
And then here I just told you you can write down here if you have any other documents that you want
included you can make a note of it here.
And even if you wanted to you could actually go here and red flag you just to remind yourself to come
back to it later and you know do that so that will ultimately create a flight here in 13.
Once it updates which it should do please work it works ok.
I worked so hard on the spreadsheet.
It was fun though.
OK.
So we are now done with the with the appendix.
And you can always go over here to the right obviously and you can write down notes and then if you
flag something and go look at the notes there.
All right so now that we're done with this please click this button here.
And this will update the fact that we are done there we're 93 percent done Dude we're almost there.
Almost there almost.
They're making great progress.
Look at that man pedal to the metal almost at 100.
That's what I'm talking about.
OK.
Actually get to talk about the outputs in this section too.
In this Lesher So please click on this here the outputs.
And this is just more information.
And this is just showing you what it's going to look like.
And please don't focus on this page because I'm going to go through this a lot more detail and the next
lecture we put together at the final business plan but this is just informational.
And I wrote here resume for whatever your name is goes here and just gather them all up for all of your
employees.
This is just informational here resume for the next employees.
If appliable just what will put them in ourselves later product brochures if you have them ready.
This is just informational just gather all that stuff because we're going to put it together in the
final output section.
So congratulations we're almost there almost there so I will see you in the next part of the course
which is final puts where we will put together our business plan based on whatever template you want
to use of the 50.
Thanks.